What's New

Below you may find an overview of the data and model improvements for each release of the European Exposure Model.

2020-10-01: European Exposure Model v0.6 released
- shapefiles with the seismic design assumptions (in terms of lateral force coefficient for mid-rise 
RC building on medium soil) 
- removal of islands and countries outside of the scope of the hazard model (ESHM20)


2020-08-03: European Exposure Model v0.5 released

- various bug fixes (see commits for more details)
- Italian residential exposure model data files adapted to refer to 2011 census data (currently not publicly available)
- update of seismic design assumptions for CR typologies in GED4GEM countries (Andorra, Belarus, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, Gibraltar, Ireland, Isle of Man, Latvia,Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Poland, Sweden, United Kingdom) 

Please cite this body of work as:

H. Crowley, V. Despotaki, D. Rodrigues, V. Silva, C. Costa, D. Toma-Danila, E. Riga, A. Karatzetzou,  
S, Fotopoulou, L. Sousa, S. Ozcebe, P. Gamba and Exposure Contributors (2020) 
European Exposure Model - dwelling/building source data (count, areas and dwellings per building) 
and mapping schemes(v0.5). Available from URL: 
https://gitlab.seismo.ethz.ch/efehr/esrm20_exposure/tree/v0.5

2020-04-23: European Exposure Model v0.4 released

Folders with the following data for 45 European countries are made available:
- residential, commercial and industrial building/dwelling count source data
- residential dwelling area, industrial building area and commercial building area assumptions (per building class)
- residential dwelling per building assumptions (per building class)

Please cite this body of work as:

H. Crowley, V. Despotaki, D. Rodrigues, V. Silva, C. Costa, D. Toma-Danila, E. Riga, A. Karatzetzou,  
S, Fotopoulou, B. Borzi, M. Faravelli, L. Sousa, S. Ozcebe, P. Gamba and Exposure Contributors (2020) 
European Exposure Model - dwelling/building source data (count, areas and dwellings per building) 
and mapping schemes(v0.4). Available from URL: 
https://gitlab.seismo.ethz.ch/efehr/esrm20_exposure/tree/v0.4

2020-04-14: European Exposure Model v0.3 released

Folders with the mapping schemes providing the distribution of commercial and industrial buildings for the
European exposure model for 45 European countries are made available.  Updates to the residential mapping schemes 
provided in v0.2 have also been made:
 - Added the mapping of building classes to the ESRM20 taxonomy for the GED4GEM mapping schemes
 - Separated the Turkey mapping scheme into urban, rural and Istanbul
 - Removed Ukraine from the list of countries (as it will not be covered by the European seismic hazard model)
 - Corrected various typos 

Please cite this body of work as:

H. Crowley, V. Despotaki, D. Rodrigues, V. Silva and Exposure Contributors (2020) 
European Exposure Model - Mapping Schemes (v0.3). Available from URL: 
https://gitlab.seismo.ethz.ch/efehr/esrm20_exposure/tree/v0.3


2020-01-31: European Exposure Model v0.2 released

A list of sources and a folder with the mapping schemes used in the European exposure model for 46 European countries
are made available (together with the mapping schemes from the NERA Project - EC Grant agreement ID 262330 - which have
been used for some of the European countries). 

Please cite this body of work as:

H. Crowley, V. Despotaki, D. Rodrigues, V. Silva and Exposure Contributors (2020) 
European Exposure Model - Mapping Schemes (v0.2). Available from URL: 
https://gitlab.seismo.ethz.ch/efehr/esrm20_exposure/tree/v0.2


2018-12-05: European Exposure Model v0.1 released (https://gitlab.seismo.ethz.ch/efehr/esrm20_exposure/tree/v0.1)

Three interactive viewers of Gridded, Country and Admin level 1 exposure were made available.